RHDEVDOCS-4281: Adding content for enabling or disabling Developer ca… (#52218)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc_con_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * web_console/customizing-the-web-console.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

[id="odc_con_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs_{context}"]
= Customizing a Developer catalog or it's sub-catalogs

> Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage a Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling/disabling sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage the Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling/disabling the sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.
```

Author: Fixed.

`developerCatalog: types` includes the following parameter that must be defined in a snippet to be used in the YAML view:

> * `state`: Defines whether the Developer catalog is enabled or disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `state`: Defines if a list of developer catalog types should be enabled or disabled.
```

Author: Fixed.

> The Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Web Console provides support for the Administrator and the Developer perspectives. Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage a Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs based on the access control and privileges provided to a user. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to a particular Developer catalog or it's sub-catalogs. Customizing a user's role ensures that the user only views the Developer catalog or sub-catalogs resources assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage a Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling/disabling sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.
```

The user's role is not considered to Enable/Disable the developer catalog or its sub-catalog types.

Author: Fixed.

* `enabled`: Defines a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that are visible to users.

> * `disabled`: Defines a a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that are not visible to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disabled`: Defines a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that are not visible to users.
```

Author: Fixed.

> For example, if you do not want a user to access Developer catalog resources such as Applications, Operator Backed services, Databases, Helm chart repositories etc, you can customize a user's profile accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you do not want a user to access Developer catalog types such as Templates, Operator Backed services, Databases, Helm Charts, etc, you can define the state of the types as disabled.
```

Author: @debsmita1 - Can I remove this sentence entirely since you suggested earlier that "user's role is not considered to Enable/Disable the developer catalog or its sub-catalog types."

Author: Fixed.

> Each Developer catalog includes the following parameter that must be defined in a snippet to be used in the YAML view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`developerCatalog: types` includes the following parameter that must be defined in a snippet to be used in the YAML view:
```

Author: Fixed.

> * `state`: Defines whether the Developer catalog is enabled or disabled

Reviewer: * `enabled`: enabled is a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that will be shown to users.
* `disabled`: disabled is a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that are not shown to users.

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * web_console/customizing-the-web-console.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

[id="odc_con_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs_{context}"]

> = Customizing a Developer catalog or it's sub-catalogs

Author: Fixed.

> Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage the Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling or disabling the sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.

Author: How do I make this more user-focused?

> Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage the Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling or disabling the sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.

Reviewer 2: The content should focus on what the user can do in the setting you describe. Bring them into the spotlight.

E.g.: As a cluster administrator, you have the ability to...

> Cluster administrators have the ability to organize and manage the Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling or disabling the sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.

Author: Fixed.

> As a cluster administrator, you have the ability to organize and manage the Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs by enabling or disabling the sub-catalog types or disabling the entire developer catalog. In some situations, customers do not want their users to have access to the Developer catalog or one or more of its sub-catalogs.

Reviewer 3: This sentence is a bit long - maybe split it:

As a cluster administrator, you have the ability to organize and manage the Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs.
You can enable or disable....

Author: Fixed. Also, I am removing the line, "In some situations...." since after review it does not add anything to the content.

> `developerCatalog: types` includes the following parameter that must be defined in a snippet to be used in the YAML view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`developerCatalog: types` includes the following parameters that must be defined in a snippet to be used in the YAML view:
```

Author: Fixed.

> `developerCatalog: types` includes the following parameters that must be defined in a snippet to be used in the YAML view:

Author: Fixed.

> `developerCatalog: types` includes the following parameters that you must define in a snippet to use them in the YAML view:

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure  `developerCatalog: types` is the preferred way to format these structures - I'm not sure what is, but maybe:

The `developerCatalog.types` object includes the following properties

Author: I am a little hesitant to change it to what you have suggested because the SME @debsmita1 has provided the information for this term directly. @debsmita1 - can you let us know if changing this term slightly is fine or not?

Reviewer: `developerCatalog.types` should be fine

Author: Fixed.

* `state`: Defines if a list of developer catalog types should be enabled or disabled.
* `enabled`: Defines a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that are visible to users.
* `disabled`: Defines a list of developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) that are not visible to users.

> The following developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) can be enabled or disabled using the YAML view or the form view.

Author: Fixed.

> You can enable or disable the following developer catalog types (sub-catalogs) can be enabled or disabled using the YAML view or the form view.

Reviewer 3: Required: This needs to be re-worded - maybe remove the "can be enabled or disabled".

Author: Fixed.

* Builder images
* Devfiles
* Helm Charts
* Operator Backed
* Samples
* Templates
* Event Sinks

> * Event Sources

Reviewer 3: In general, if using plain English terms, the second words should not be capitalized, unless they are known terms - I am not sure about Event Sink/Sources, but suspect they should be lower case - definitely Helm chart should be lower, and "Operator Backed" doesn't look right - maybe "Operator-backed"

Alternatively, use the actual values and tick them to indicate they are values:

* `BuilderImage`
* `Devfile`
* `HelmChart`

Author: I am not sure if we can change the casing of these terms. They are displayed in the UI and thus i added them in the content as is. @debsmita1 - could you please confirm if we need to change the casing of these terms or do we keep them?

Reviewer: In the UI form, we show the labels, and in the yaml we show the catalog ids ( BuilderImage, Template,Devfile, HelmChart, OperatorBackedService, etc). In the UI form , when the user selects a label, the corresponding id is added to the console customization.

Author: Fixed as per your original suggestion @gabriel-rh. @debsmita1 has given the nod to follow your advice on Slack chat.

Reviewer: This is how it looks in the UI form
<img width="1719" alt="Screenshot 2022-12-06 at 11 51 47 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22490998/205836888-0d5d58b4-e626-4c78-aa43-e85be3fe1e49.png">
<img width="1719" alt="Screenshot 2022-12-06 at 11 51 51 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22490998/205836918-cf9d86ca-c9c4-4481-ac69-2000424ac556.png">

 and in the YAML
<img width="1719" alt="Screenshot 2022-12-06 at 11 52 16 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22490998/205836993-e42862f0-1422-4ec0-b837-d67a8ae4d02b.png">
